Docs: recommend fast disks for ingesters and store-gateways (#1903)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/running-production-environment/production-tips/index.md

For more information about estimating the required ingester disk space, refer to [Planning capacity]({{< relref "../planning-capacity.md#ingester" >}}).

### Ingester disk IOPS

> The ingester disk performances (IOPS and latency) can impact both write and read requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingester disk performances (IOPS and latency) can affect both write and read requests.
```
The first definition for _impact_ is a crash or collision; the second definition means what you intend here.

Reviewer: Please vet this for technical accuracy.

Reviewer: Also, I assume "disks" is plural here.

> On this write path, ingester disk is touched to write the write-ahead log (WAL), while on the read path the ingester disk is touched to query series whose chunks have already been written to disk.
> 
> We recommend to run ingesters with a fast disk (e.g. SSD disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the write path, the ingester disk is touched (via the `touch` command) to write the write-ahead log (WAL), and on the read path the ingester disk is touched to query series whose chunks have already been written to disk.

For that reason, use ingesters with fast disk speed such as SSDs.
```
In plain language, "touched" seems to refer to the `touch` command. Is this accurate or do you mean something else?

Do you intend "while" to be simultaneous or do you mean "and"?

What does "is touched to query series" mean?

Author: Touched here is not related to the "touch" command. What I meant with touch is "either read or write from disk".

Reviewer: Looks like "touch" can mean two things here. How is this latest suggestion wrt accuracy?

Reviewer: > > On the write path, the ingester disk writes to the write-ahead log (WAL).
> 
> It's not the "ingester disk" that writes, but it's the ingester that writes the WAL to disk.
> 
> _Same comment applies to suggestion read on read path._

I have updated my suggestion.

We recommend configuring the system's `file-max` ulimit at least to `65536` to avoid reaching the maximum number of open file descriptors.

### Store-gateway disk IOPS

> The store-gateway disk performances (IOPS and latency) can impact queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IOPS and latency performances of the store-gateway disk can affect queries.
```

> The store-gateway downloads block's [index-headers]({{< relref "../../architecture/binary-index-header.md" >}}) on local disk and reads them on each query hitting the long-term storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store-gateway downloads the block’s [index-headers]({{< relref "../../architecture/binary-index-header.md" >}}) onto local disk, and reads them on each query that reaches the long-term storage.
```
For any form of "to hit", we replace it with whatever it mean because "to hit" means "to strike".

What do you mean by "each query hitting the long-term storage"?
* "each query that reaches..."?
* "each query that accesses..."?
* "each query that calls from..."?
* "each query that needs to access..."?

Author: I mean "on each query that needs to fetch data from the long-term storage".

Reviewer: We need another preposition besides "on" in the context of "on each query". What does "on" mean in this context?

> We recommend to run store-gateways with a fast disk (e.g. SSD disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these reasons, run the store-gateways on disks such as SSDs that have fast disk speed.
```
